README.md, before:

# FluxInvoice:Modern Invoice Builder Web App

FluxInvoice is a fast, modern, and fully browser-based invoice builder designed for freelancers, professionals, and small businesses. Create professional invoices with live preview, customizable fields, branding options, and one-click PDF export. Your data stays securely on your device with seamless local saving and a polished, responsive UI.

---

## Tech Stack

**Frontend**

- React

- Tailwind CSS

- Framer Motion 

- Shadcn UI / Custom Components

- React Router

- Lucide Icons

**Authentication**

- Clerk Authentication (Sign In, Sign Up, User Profiles)

**Storage**

- LocalStorage for saving invoices

- File upload support (Logo & Signature)

**PDF & Utilities**

- html-to-image

- jsPDF 

- Custom real-time invoice preview renderer

**Development**

- Vite

- TypeScript 


---

## Setup & Installation

Follow these steps to run FluxInvoice locally:

1. **Clone the Repository:**
```bash
https://github.com/Prathik018/FluxInvoice.git
cd FluxInvoice
```

2. **Install Node Module:**
```bash
npm i
```

3. **Create a .env File in the root directory and add the following:**
```bash
VITE_CLERK_PUBLISHABLE_KEY=<your-clerk-api>
```

4. **Start the Development Server:**
```bash
npm run dev
```


## 🚀 About Me

I’m Prathik Pai, a curious and driven individual passionate about web development, research, and building meaningful, tech-enabled solutions. With a strong foundation in computer applications and a creative mindset, I thrive at the intersection of design, functionality, and innovation.

💡 Research-Oriented Technologist
I enjoy exploring forward-looking ideas and developing solutions that solve real-world problems especially in areas like IoT, blockchain integration, and decentralized systems. I value a deep, structured approach to technology and am always learning and evolving.

🌐 Web Development & UI/UX Focus
I have a keen eye for user-centered design and a passion for crafting clean, responsive, and engaging web interfaces. Whether it’s frontend interaction or overall experience, I believe in making technology seamless and intuitive.

📸 Creative by Nature
Beyond code, I’m a visual thinker and photographer, using storytelling and aesthetics to express new perspectives. I’m also passionate about gaming and game design, appreciating both the art and logic behind interactive experiences.

🚀 Adaptable, Collaborative & Growth-Minded
A strong believer in continuous learning and teamwork, I love being part of environments that encourage innovation, constructive feedback, and impact-driven work.


## 🔗 Links

[![linkedin](https://img.shields.io/badge/linkedin-0A66C2?style=for-the-badge&logo=linkedin&logoColor=white)](https://www.linkedin.com/in/prathikpai18/)
[![twitter](https://img.shields.io/badge/twitter-1DA1F2?style=for-the-badge&logo=twitter&logoColor=white)](https://x.com/Prathik__Pai)
[![linkedin](https://img.shields.io/badge/Instagram-%23E4405F.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=Instagram&logoColor=white)](https://www.instagram.com//prathikk.pai)

Commit message:

Revise README for clarity and detail
Updated project description and improved clarity of setup instructions.

README.md, after:

# FluxInvoice:Modern Invoice Builder Web App

FluxInvoice is a fast, modern, fully browser-based invoice builder created for freelancers, professionals, and small businesses who need a simple yet powerful way to handle their billing. It allows you to generate clean and professional invoices with an intuitive live preview that updates instantly as you make changes. You can adjust and customize every essential field, add your own branding elements, and format the invoice to match your personal or business identity. The tool offers smooth performance, an organized layout, and a responsive interface that works well on different screen sizes. With one click, you can export your finished invoice as a PDF without needing any external software or complicated setup. All your data stays safely stored on your own device through local saving, ensuring privacy and security while maintaining a seamless workflow. FluxInvoice aims to make the process of creating, managing, and sharing invoices as simple and efficient as possible for users at any skill level.

---

## Tech Stack

**Frontend**

- React

- Tailwind CSS

- Framer Motion 

- Shadcn UI / Custom Components

- React Router

- Lucide Icons

**Authentication**

- Clerk Authentication (Sign In, Sign Up, User Profiles)

**Storage**

- LocalStorage for saving invoices

- File upload support (Logo & Signature)

**PDF & Utilities**

- html-to-image

- jsPDF 

- Custom real-time invoice preview renderer

**Development**

- Vite

- TypeScript 


---

## Setup & Installation

Follow these steps to run FluxInvoice locally:

1. **Clone the Repository:**
```bash
https://github.com/Prathik018/FluxInvoice.git
cd FluxInvoice
```

2. **Install Node Module:**
```bash
npm i
```

3. **Create a .env File in the root directory and add the following:**
```bash
VITE_CLERK_PUBLISHABLE_KEY=<your-clerk-api>
```

4. **Start the Development Server:**
```bash
npm run dev
```


## 🚀 About Me

I’m Prathik Pai, a curious and driven individual passionate about web development, research, and building meaningful, tech-enabled solutions. With a strong foundation in computer applications and a creative mindset, I thrive at the intersection of design, functionality, and innovation.

💡 Research-Oriented Technologist
I enjoy exploring forward-looking ideas and developing solutions that solve real-world problems especially in areas like IoT, blockchain integration, and decentralized systems. I value a deep, structured approach to technology and am always learning and evolving.

🌐 Web Development & UI/UX Focus
I have a keen eye for user-centered design and a passion for crafting clean, responsive, and engaging web interfaces. Whether it’s frontend interaction or overall experience, I believe in making technology seamless and intuitive.

📸 Creative by Nature
Beyond code, I’m a visual thinker and photographer, using storytelling and aesthetics to express new perspectives. I’m also passionate about gaming and game design, appreciating both the art and logic behind interactive experiences.

🚀 Adaptable, Collaborative & Growth-Minded
A strong believer in continuous learning and teamwork, I love being part of environments that encourage innovation, constructive feedback, and impact-driven work.


## 🔗 Links

[![linkedin](https://img.shields.io/badge/linkedin-0A66C2?style=for-the-badge&logo=linkedin&logoColor=white)](https://www.linkedin.com/in/prathikpai18/)
[![twitter](https://img.shields.io/badge/twitter-1DA1F2?style=for-the-badge&logo=twitter&logoColor=white)](https://x.com/Prathik__Pai)
[![linkedin](https://img.shields.io/badge/Instagram-%23E4405F.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=Instagram&logoColor=white)](https://www.instagram.com//prathikk.pai)
